.TH DOGOWRAP 1 "June 2024" "0.2.0" "digitalocean-go-wrapper manual"
.SH NAME
dogo-wrap \- A Node.js package that wraps a DigitalOcean function in Go

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B dogo-wrap
[\fIoptions\fR]

.SH DESCRIPTION
A Node.js package that wraps a DigitalOcean function in Go, overcoming Go limitations on DigitalOcean by building binaries locally with the latest version.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Show this help message and exit.
.TP
\fB\-y\fR, \fB\-\-yaml_file\fR
Path to the YAML file (default: \fI./project.yml\fR).
.TP
\fB\-d\fR, \fB\-\-do_go_dir\fR
Directory containing Go files (default: \fI./\fR).
.TP
\fB\-o\fR, \fB\-\-out\fR, \fB\-\-do_project_output\fR
Output directory for the wrapped project (default: \fI./do_wrapped_function/\fR).
.TP
\fB\-\-go_built_name\fR
Name of the built Go binary (default: \fIcompiled_function\fR).
.TP
\fB\-\-files_to_keep\fR
Array of files to keep in each of the function folders (default: \fI[".env"]\fR).
.TP
\fB\-\-keep_wrapper\fR
Flag to keep the wrapper in Go. If false, it will delete this intermediate step (default: \fIfalse\fR).
.TP
\fB\-\-do_wrapper_output\fR
Output directory for the Go wrapper code (default: \fI./do_go_lang_compiled_wrapper/\fR).
.TP
\fB\-v\fR, \fB\-\-version\fR
Show the version number.

.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
.B dogo-wrap \-\-yaml_file project.yml \-\-do_go_dir src \-\-out dist
Runs the tool with a custom YAML file, source directory, and output directory.

.SH AUTHOR
Written by DarkRockMountain.

.SH COPYRIGHT
This is free software; see the source for copying conditions. There is NO warranty; not even for MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
